---
title: "Personal Learning Report Schod"
date: 2022-11-29T22:14:28-08:00
draft: false
---
	
Throughout this semester, we have learned a lot about content and content management. Going into that we have also used those skills to develop websites for ourselves using the tools hugo and wordpress. during this time, I feel as though I have been able to learn a lot about what these terms mean. Content is a virtual product made for consumption. This can be a video or a blog or whatever you want it to be. Content management is the editorial process that goes into making that content while content management systems are tools that help with that editorial process. Content aggregation is how spread out your channels are for content while content channels are the places that you channel your content through like youtube or twitter. Product and platform are also two very big distinctions with a product being a piece of content ready to consume while platform is a tool by which you're able to make content. 
There are some common tools used as CMS's that include scoop, clay, hearst, and wordpress to a lesser extent. Basecamp is another tool used by professionals to manage their content and workplaces. 
I have been able to keep up with the established workflows that we have set up in our group with the groupme being the most important followed by in class meet up dates. I have made sure to show up and contribute when needed to as well as make content for the website. Teams is another tool we have been using to keep in touch with each other.
In the time that we have had this semester I have been able to learn to use a bunch of different tools. The first, and most used, is hugo which is a web development tool that allows you to create your own website. Wordpress is essentially the same thing but simplified and easier to setup. Github is another tool that I have been able to familiarize myself a lot more with and what it does is allow you to share files or code on the website through a repository system. You can even share this repository with other people and let them add to it. Excel is another thing I found myself using more this semester as a way to organize our content. Mastodon is one that Mr. Greenhalgh brought up that is a decentralized social media platform which seems really interesting. 
I've been able to self learn a lot of the things that I've needed to do so far. When setting up my hugo site, I was having a lot of trouble so spent a few nights trying to learn what was going wrong. It was something with my .toml file and when I finally figured it out I was elated. I also have been able to teach myself how to use certain things on wordpress such as the common page function but also other ones such as linking the social media as well as adding in hyperlinks and quotes. I have also learned how to use github through the help of the people in my group. I have been able to learn and do a lot this semester. 