---
title: "Tinker With CMS Schod"
date: 2022-11-30T15:10:02-08:00
draft: false
---

- The first different CMS that I tried using was one called backdrop CMS. It's built on a php platform and utilizes MariaDB and MySQL to do its databasing which are two of the most commmon. It is eerily similar to another one that we use in class, wordpress. Tinkering around with the site, I found that it operates almost identically to wordpress. On the tob bar you are able to see tabs that open up lists of things you can do to your page such as adding a block or a new page all together. This is how wordpress works although it's more simplified than the process on this CMS. I also found that you can do more troubleshooting on this one compared to wordpress, even having a full tab dedicated to maintenance. It's a cool little CMS but I don't know if I'd give up wordpress over it. 
- Next on my list of ones to look at was one called Alchemy CMS. This one is a bit more different compared to the last. I still would compare it more to wordpress than Hugo. With alchemy cms, you're given a home page with categories filled with sub-categories. These categories are the tabs on your site that navigate you around while the sub-categories are the different pages under that new tab. It allows for you to more easily organize your content comparatively to Wordpress, Hugo, or backdrop. I also found that you were able to make a sub-website as one of your tabs which makes me believe that this cms is more geared towards businesses. I say this because I would only you a sub-website for customer-service. I also found that when creating a new page, there is a specific template for a product. They even have extensions that you can download and add to your site right on their webpage. If I was a business I would consider using Alchemy.
- OpenCMS is the next one I tried looking at. This cms is quite different than the rest, looking more like a child play site than an actual CMS, but don't let that fool you. Once  I opened up the add content tab on the top of the page, I was amazed at all the specific types of content they had available to post. First, you can add content that pinpoints a location on google maps and there was even another one that allowed for you to add a job listing to your site. Based off of all the different content types that I saw there I would have to say that this is made for the idea in mind that a business would be using it. Other than that though, I found this CMS very hard to use and not easy to organize data as it's a very confusing layout that is not appealing to me in the slightest nor anyone else I'd hope. 